Add SDK compatibility details (#29)
codeocean/codeocean-sdk-python: README.md

```sh
pip install -e .[dev] -U
```

> # Code Ocean Python SDK Compatibility Table
> 
> This table shows the compatibility between different versions of the Code Ocean Python SDK and the Code Ocean platform.
> 
> | SDK Version  | Compatible Code Ocean Platform Versions     | Notes                         |
> |--------------|---------------------------------------------|-------------------------------|
> | 0.1.0        | 2.18                                        | Initial release of the SDK    |
> | 0.1.2 - 0.2.0| 2.18 - 3.0                                  | Minor bug fixes and updates   |
> | 0.3.0        | 3.1+                                        | Code Ocean v3.1 updates; breaking changes|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Code Ocean Python SDK Version Compatibility

Each release of this Code Ocean Python SDK is tested and verified against a specific minimum version of the Code Ocean platform API. Generally, this minimum version is the latest Code Ocean version at the time of the SDK’s release.
We recommend ensuring your SDK is pinned to a version compatible with your Code Ocean deployment.
For details on when the minimum Code Ocean platform version changes, see the [CHANGELOG](CHANGELOG.md).
```
